Unit Testing
------------
.involves the testing of each unit or an individual component of the software application
.each unit maybe an individual function method, procedure, module, and object
.the purpose is to validate that each unit of the software code performs as expected
.As a developer, we have to write unit test to test methods, classes to make sure that whatever the logic or piece of code that we have written is working as expected
.Once we done unit testing successfully, then our code should be a bug free.
.In Java, JUnit framework is used for unit testig java application.
Most of the times one component will depend on other component(s), so while implementing unit tests we should mock the dependencies with the desired behavior using frameworks like Mockito.
.So,eg; Employee Controller depends on Employee Service, Employee Services depends on Employee Repository,
.So, whenever we write unit test for employee controller then we have to mock the employee service object
.In order to mock the dependencies like employee service and employee controller, we have to use a mocking frameworks.

Integration Testing
-------------------
.Integration tests focus on integrating different layers of the application. 
.It means no mocking is involved.
.It must write for the whole feature like Employee Management including Controller, Service, and Repository. Don't test only the single component like controller. Test integration of all these components.
For eg; User Management Feature(UserController, UserService, and UserRepository) 
        Login Feature (LoginRepository, LoginController, LoginService)etc
We will not mock any object while integration testing. We have to deal with the database.
.In this course, we will write integration test for employee controller.
.Whenever we test employee controller, it should talk with a database through these layers employee service and employee repository. We don't mock employee service or employee a repository we will directly store the data into the database.
And we will directly retrieve data from the database.
.In the case of integration test, we dont have to use a mocking mechanism or any other mocking frameworks.
.In the case of unit testing, we have to use Mockito all mocking framework to mock the dependent dependencies.

